[Music]
Tomorrow we'll know what's going on, I don't think so, Ju, I don't
think so because it's a little ambiguous. I heard
a click from Miare who was talking about how they had
n't given them an exact date eh
To return it but rather they had
given them a deadline but of course now they'll have to
give some indications of where how
when no, I don't know the truth what to tell you eh I
mean I think they'll put
all the possibilities on the table Look,
this is the worst that can happen to you and
this is the best that can happen to you not like
Look, maybe You won't
go to prison And maybe we'll be
convicted Or maybe this will happen Or
maybe uh there will be a higher sentence for
repeat offenses for I don't know what you mean
Then they will assess the pros and
cons, I don't know, to me personally It
seems to me it seems to me
personally it seemed like an
outrage to have gotten to where they have
gotten to me personally I would not have
gotten to where they have gotten to all
the charges that there are now then those
that are going to be pursued behind it he mentions
that Dallas has mentioned that he is
willing to negotiate the hearings So that they can
see the dog he mentions  in the talk they
had Yes yes I I have mentioned it
many times because as I know that
everything I say reaches them And everything that is
said on my channel well I understand that that
will have reached them danan is that Of course that
is what I am telling you let's let's let's let's
join this with what
dasas said in his live no that it is
not only about
complicating your life because you believe that you are
going to lose your dog that you are not going to
see him again or that you are not going to have him
again being completely
sincere giving your opinion on this subject
externally let's say no I mean as
if I were not a person who has had
problems with them or something
like that is that Dallas is willing to
continue agreeing on visits or how we
do this and that and I
personally this already maybe aas right
now you ask him I gave you a
dick the dog I am going to bring him to
Dubai the dog is not going to step foot in
spa again I don't know okay But I think that in the
end between trips between I don't know what between I do
n't know how much if you do things like
people eh civilized humans no
leaving the past where it has been for 10
years no Hey come on the best for the dog
we have to enjoy it you can't
split it in half I think that in the end
they would enjoy the dog a lot and that's it
or rather the only thing I think would be to
not continue tightrope walking it
would be something like that the most the most
correct But well if we can't
talk then what's going to happen Well it will be that he
takes it if there are no more gra
gorgeous an idiot on Twitter told me
that Argos had chosen to stay there and
not with you it made me angry the
mental retardation of the people who humanize
dogs like that also if they kidnap me and I do
n't leave because I can't I am
choosing to stay there LoL literally It's that it
's incredible and it's that those
same people completely lose their
argument when you ask them okay And if
the dog can't move Then
why the hell does the parents put a helmet on them
literally Why the hell does the parents put a
helmet on them Oh no there he doesn't
know what to say it's pathetic inheritance I
swear  defend a
convicted lady Imagine the amount of
delays there have been, the
delaying tactics How to do things right
through the courts in the end it has
ended up harming themselves literally and they still
dare to say that I do not
respect the court It's that they really
have no kind of shame,
none Eh I mean, after all
the delaying tactics they've used and
I have completely endured it, I never
thought of going to recover my
own dog by force and yet they
have dedicated themselves to accusing me of that and they
are still dedicating themselves to saying that I do not
respect the court those who have been
sentenced to prison twice plus another
sentence and have never served any Of
course it is that they have no kind
of shame, right, that there are people who
defend a woman sentenced to
prison twice, no of course that is what they want
all the time that is what they
want that is why they dedicate themselves to committing
completely criminal acts or making garbage
Like for example hitting liy And
then later complaining because it turns out
that I insulted him I mean  Imagine they hit you in
front of you and you're not going to insult it's
impressive eh I swear it's
true they have no
shame at all people who have
been sentenced to prison twice those
things have to be said because they are things
that are true sentenced twice to
prison It's really eh incredible
those things have to be said
because they are reality sentenced three
times two of them to prison and it's an
objective truth And also more
complaints are coming by the way from my part I don't know
how many days and lawsuits there are complaints and
lawsuits left exactly because the
court has to determine now the
delivery day So I don't know exactly
when but
well let's see grandpa today it's time for a reaction to
the community first warning greater than
sad face Set the goal of five
superchat so that you no longer have an excuse and
Hey ask should you with RAE and he
accepts I don't know what topic but for the
Loles to ask if you want jsj but
why am I going to debate With raay what the [ __ ] am I
going to debate with raay now take
this does it help you do you understand this or don't you understand
Meme I'll tell you  I'm saying it
in your language I'm telling you in your
language you get it or you don't get it at some
point you have to Coming soon I mean if we
reach 50, the target of 50, I'll
stop by the community if we reach the
target of 50, I'll pass by it It can't be too
late, it has to be soon So
when I don't know when the court will determine
the delivery date, well, I'll know
obviously I won't say it to avoid
sabotage because I see them capable but yes,
when I know, I'll know at least
when I know, yeah, I swear that it really
pisses me off too much, tempts me who
starts saying nonsense at the level of
Oh, you don't care about the dog and it's like,
really, with all the money I've
spent, all the suffering, all the
crying, having to see those people's
faces several times, confronting
investigating judges who wanted to
dismiss my case, all the money, I do
n't even know how much money I spent on
this case, eh I swear yes, it's
also, ugh, the money it will take in this
case, eh Well, look, between filing the
complaint  the resources of the files
that I think are archived twice the
trial I don't know if
the lawyer will have also charged
the appeal of the first trial the second
trial or so the lawyer charges you again
a trial is expensive or so we are
talking about a trial that these days a
trial easily charges us 2 or 3000
euros eh of course and now the trial was
again and then it was appealed again Of course
you have to oppose it are another two or
3000 euros or so this here takes d to
20,000 bucks eh In this case eh here it
takes d to 20 200000 bucks surely
a lot of money I don't know I don't even know how much it is that it has
been so many times Maybe I don't
know 30,000 maybe I don't know it's that I don't even know
how much money I have spent I have exaggerated
the amount of money that I have spent on
well of course without counting maybe if
money has had to be spent on some
type of expert or something that Dallas I don't know
if he carried expert reports or something this case or
so I mean I think that  It has to be the most
expensive greyhound in the history of humanity I
swear I don't think there's a more
expensive greyhound than this one I promise you because you're looking at
a crazy amount of money, crazy, there have
been two trials, another
trial, eh, filing processes, more
resources, plus another criminal case for
the assault that the guy did to him, this guy is
sentenced to jail, what my ex's father
did to Elisy, plus then the execution
of the civil, so many, so many. Oh well,
of course, plus the civil, of course, it's true, it
can take 30. It's true that there was a
civil case previously, of course, the civil case
includes the lawsuit, the pre-
trial hearing, the execution. Yeah, like that, eh. Yes, yes, it
takes 30,000 bucks, easily with
this, eh, him and them, him and them, they might
take more because, if I'm not
mistaken, they had several lawyers. God,
uncle's fingers, unnecessarily. These things, I don't
even know how much money I've spent on
this and they're still going to say, No, that's just for
doing it for a year, but I mean, it doesn't make
any sense at all. I swear it doesn't
make any
sense, ridiculous scum.  is that it has no
other name scum scum that does
talk [ __ ] on social networks By the
way I must say an
important disclaimer okay all the times I
'm dedicating myself to talking about
disgusting scum and all this kind of things I
mean the people who post things on
social networks that later do not occur to them to
use it to my ex and his family of
condemned to prison as if I were
saying to them because I am
saying to the scum that is dedicated to
insulting me on social networks eh that they
sue you for insults and then they sell it to you
as Ah we have won a lawsuit
for insults we were right it was because
we were telling the truth and they were
lying that then they do not feel with
power to then be able Oh Well look at a
complaint because the complaints are what will
fall on her for all the
things she has done because go on that is not
reportable what she has done
recently exaggerated literally of the
lack the lack of empathy is so
explicit when they dedicate themselves to publishing
photos of me crying mocking it is like
you are mocking a person whose
dog was stolen during  almost a
decade and you're making fun of that you
're making fun of the suffering of
someone who likes the
crying photos to me it seems the least of it in
the sense that we have also
put crying photos of Win michu of
them eh When you don't have when you
have one in friendship with someone no or or
you don't like someone in that sense it
depends on the reason one thing that you
put it in a thumbnail on a cover
because maybe it's the most striking
but already mockery Like for example I saw
raay the other day answering
everyone with the photo of Loquito not of a
crazy kidnapped his friend I mean they do
n't know the [ __ ] shame all
this garbage of channels of
mentally ill people that have dedicated themselves to using the
photo of me crying I swear they are scum
but they are the quality of psychopaths most
psychopathic that exists in this world eh I
swear eh I mean who Imagine you I do
n't know imagine someone who would
dedicate themselves to using the photo of a mother
crying at her son's funeral well it
's the same [ __ ] level Yeah come on
man for  buras no but for news
to put them as headlines and such, the
same [ __ ] level, me using the
suffering of a person who is
crying for a loved one To laugh
at that person just because you don't like
literally the same ex Ah But this will
see because bad people But as if it
is justified against me because I do not
think the same as these people well
then of course there is no kind of
problem right Scum are psychopaths
better not eh let's mention specifics so as
not to give publicity to this Scum and
this French garbage without pardo with a
pair of balls is dedicated to talking trash
about me when at the same time he was dedicated
to defending the sick Katy
ngel is that very very very crazy eh but
very very very crazy I swear it is exaggerated
when there is equally explicit evidence like
the chick locked up the dog and poop
everywhere exaggerated and they were going to say the
same thing why because she had the house in a
mess one day what less interference
that incredible that is going to be reported eh I
tell you that is a lawsuit But there are
several lawsuits eh if not  what has been
announced is that there are several things there are
several accusations of crime there well the
thing about the house seems to me to be
a violation that I don't understand at
what point it seemed like a good idea or
rather because I understand that putting it is not that
look he had the dog here look I have
proof that the dog had the cat flap
well well I would have still put the
little bit of photo wherever where I know but
what need was there that the house was
dirty to leave him like a filthy person or rather
No the truth is there is no such thing I have not
found much of La Movida But well
what can I tell you
[Music]